# Marc-Record-Sets
Included here are MARC record sets of bibliographic records that link to freely available online content. Each set is a zipped .mrc file. To access these records, click on the record set you want, click "view raw," and then the zipped file will download to your machine. See below for a list of record sets:
- **African American Artists Project (AAAP) PDFs**: MARC records (.mrk, .mrc, .rec) of PDFs cataloged by Watson Library for the African American Artists Project, which are typically (but not always) exhibition catalogs from galleries. Each bibliographic record includes an 856 to the PDF of the publication, which Watson Library has uploaded to AWS and has made publicly accessible (or in some cases, to an open-access resource where it was already available). **The most recent file was created on March 21, 2024 and is titled "AAAP-PDF_records_2024-03." It contains 133 records.**
- **Auction Catalog PDF Record Set1**: Annually updated Marc record set (.mrk, .mrc, .rec) of PDF Auction Catalogs. This set includes PDF catalogs primarily from Christie's, Sotheby's and Bonhams with some Phillips and French auction houses as part of Hotel Drouot. Permissions requests were sent to the Auction Houses in 2020 and if there was no denial of permission we proceeded with cataloging. ach bibliographic record includes an 856 to the PDF of the publication, which Watson Library has uploaded to AWS and has made publically accessible.
- **DigitalBenin_AuctionCatalogs**: 47 MARC records (.mrk, .mrc) of auction catalogs dating from 1899-2006 that contain information on the sale of art and artifacts taken from the Kingdom of Benin in February of 1897. These catalogs were digitized through a partnership between Watson Library and the Internet Archive. This work was done in support of Digital Benin, which is a platform that seeks to bring together objects, historical images, and other documentation to provide an overview of the artefacts that were taken from the Kingdom of Benin at the end of the 19th Century. Each bibliographic record includes an 856 containing a link to the Internet Archive’s freely available digitized copy of the catalog.
- **CCT PDFs**: MARC records (.mrk, .mrc, .rec) of PDFs cataloged by Watson Library, which are typically (but not always) exhibition catalogs from galleries throughout the world. Each bibliographic record includes an 856 to the PDF of the publication, which Watson Library has uploaded to AWS and has made publically accessible. **The most recent file was created on April 16, 2021 and is titled "CCT_2021_05_11." It contains 2,730 records.**
- **IndianArtGalleries_PDFs**: MARC records (.mrk, .mrc, .rec) of PDF catalogs from Indian art galleries (78 catalogs; last update June 14, 2021)
- **MMA_Pubs_records_2021_07**: Annually updated MARC record set (.mrk, .mrc) for online Metropolitan Museum of Art publications, which currently includes 3,804 records that all contain links to full-text versions of MMA Publications available through open access platforms (last update July 13, 2021).
- **Onestar_Press_PDFs**: 294 MARC records (.mrk, .mrc, .rec) of the complete catalog of Onestar Press. Each bibliographic record includes an 856 to the PDF of the publication, which Watson Library has uploaded to AWS and has made publically accessible.
- **Research and Outreach: Increasing Representation PDFs**: MARC records (.mrk, .mrc, .rec) of PDFs and free online resources cataloged by Watson Library in support of an initiative funded in part by the National Endowment for the Humanities to increase representation of Indigenous and Native American, Latinx and Hispanic American, Asian American and Pacific Islander artists in the Met's Thomas J. Watson Library. PDFs include exhibition catalogs and other works provided for sharing by their artists, authors, and publishers. Any views, findings, conclusions, or recommendations expressed in these publications do not necessarily represent those of the National Endowment for the Humanities. **The most recent file was created on March 21, 2024 and is titled "ResearchAndOutreachPDFs_2024-03." It contains 244 records.**
- **StateDeptPDFs**: 471 MARC records (.mrk, .mrc, .rec) of Art in Embassies catalogs, issued by the U.S. State Department. Each bibliographic record includes an 856 to the PDF of the publication, which Watson Library has uploaded to AWS and has made publically accessible.
- **TOAH_2020_07_16**: 1,036 MARC records (.mrk, .mrc, .rec) for the Heilbrunn Timeline of Art History articles that are featured on The Metropolitan Museum of Art website
- **WadsworthAtheneum_Matrix**: 185 MARC records (.mrk, .mrc, .rec) from the Wadsworth Ahteneum's series of "Matrix" exhibitions that began in 1975 and continue through 2021. Each bibliographic record includes an 856 to the PDF of the publication, which Watson Library has uploaded to AWS and has made publically accessible.
